Pardon me?
Deep Sea Star
The Deep Sea Star is the most precious jewel in the world
Even the Blue Phantom
It's all just the scraps of the Deep Sea Star.
Master Wang
Don't be fooled by this kid
This is the big guy.
You said this Heart of the Deep was fake.
Master Wang, who in the world
Would you take a broken plastic bag and put it in a priceless treasure?
Faith is right
This kid must have a counterfeit
Isn't Master Bao Jinkong Jewelry?
He knew at a glance whether it was true or not
cut
This is such a cookie
Master Wang
Thanks
And so forth.
Little yakuza, are you afraid?
Afraid of rolling away at this moment
I am not afraid of bugs in Li Yuyang's dictionary
Then why don't you dare to let Master Feng swallow?
Swallowing is fine
It's just my stuff
You can't let others swallow it for no reason
What do you want?
Very simple.
If this is the real Heart of the Deep
You kneel down
Impossible to admit wrong
What the hell did you say?
What? Are you scared?
Get out if you're afraid